Bump version and update CHANGELOG (#68)
Concordium/concordium-ledger-app: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 3.0.1

### Changed

* The commission rates UI is now prefixed with a screen that says 'Commission rates'.
* When setting stake amount to 0 the UI now shows 'Stop baking' instead of the 0 value.
* When setting delegation amount to 0 the UI now shows 'Stop delegation' instead of the 0 value.

> * Static fractions (numerator/100000), e.g. commission rates for bakers, are now shown as a percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Static fractions (numerator/100000), e.g. commission rates for bakers, are now shown as percentages.
```
